core:  Option to skip "unused" item links (#4608)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: worlds/generic/docs/advanced_settings_en.md

  * For `Timespinner` all players in the `TSAll` item link group will share their entire item pool and the `Twin Pyramid
    Key` and `Timespinner Wheel` will be forced among the worlds of those in the group. The `null` replacement item
    will, instead of forcing a specific chosen item, allow the generator to randomly pick a filler item to replace the

>     player items.  This item link will only be created if there are at least two Timespinner players.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    player items. This item link will only be created if there are at least two players in the group.
```
